FAQ/TODO/KNOWN_BUGS: convert to markdown (#19875)
curl/curl: docs/FAQ.md

than a private curl version.

If you want the most recent collection of ca certs that Mozilla Firefox uses,
we recommend that using our online [CA certificate
service](https://curl.se/docs/caextract.html) setup for this purpose.

## I have a problem who, can I chat with?

There is a bunch of friendly people hanging out in the #curl channel on the
IRC network libera.chat. If you are polite and nice, chances are good that you
can get -- or provide -- help instantly.

## curl's ECCN number?

The US government restricts exports of software that contains or uses
cryptography. When doing so, the Export Control Classification Number (ECCN)
is used to identify the level of export control etc.

Apache Software Foundation has [a good explanation of
ECCN](https://www.apache.org/dev/crypto.html).

We believe curl's number might be ECCN 5D002, another possibility is 5D992. It
seems necessary to write them (the authority that administers ECCN numbers),
asking to confirm.

Comprehensible explanations of the meaning of such numbers and how to obtain
them (resp.) are [here](https://www.bis.doc.gov/licensing/exportingbasics.htm)

> and [here](https://www.bis.doc.gov/licensing/do_i_needaneccn.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [here](https://www.bis.gov/licensing/classify-your-item/publicly-available-classification-information).
```

An incomprehensible description of the two numbers above is available on
[bis.doc.gov](https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/documents/new-encryption/1653-ccl5-pt2-3)

## How do I submit my patch?

We strongly encourage you to submit changes and improvements directly as [pull
requests on GitHub](https://github.com/curl/curl/pulls).

If you for any reason cannot or will not deal with GitHub, send your patch to
the curl-library mailing list. We are many subscribers there and there are
lots of people who can review patches, comment on them and receive them
properly.

Lots of more details are found in the CONTRIBUTE.md and INTERNALS.md

> documents.

Reviewer: Link to site's `contribute.html` and `internals.html`. Seems all links to repo doc pages are to sites' html page.
```suggestion
Lots of more details are found in the
[contribute](https://curl.se/dev/contribute.html) and
[internals](https://curl.se/dev/internals.html)
documents.
```

by obtaining a valid CA cert for the server. Or again, decrease the security
by disabling this check.

At times, you find that the verification works in your favorite browser but
fails in curl. When this happens, the reason is usually that the server sends
an incomplete cert chain. The server is mandated to send all *intermediate
certificates* but does not. This typically works with browsers anyway since
they A) cache such certs and B) supports AIA which downloads such missing
certificates on demand. This is a bad server configuration. A good way to
figure out if this is the case it to use [the SSL Labs
server](https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/) test and check the certificate
chain.

Details are also in [the SSL certificates
document](https://curl.se/docs/sslcerts.html).

## Why is curl -R on Windows one hour off?

Since curl 7.53.0 this issue should be fixed as long as curl was built with
any modern compiler that allows for a 64-bit curl_off_t type. For older
compilers or prior curl versions it may set a time that appears one hour off.
This happens due to a flaw in how Windows stores and uses file modification
times and it is not easily worked around. For more details [read

> this](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/1144/Beating-the-Daylight-Savings-Time-bug-and-getting).

Reviewer: This one is also broken.
```suggestion
this](https://www.codeproject.com/articles/Beating-the-Daylight-Savings-Time-Bug-and-Getting#comments-section).
```

Author: It's funny how curl gets a 308 + 200 from this but a browser does not...
